DOC Note that module is not compatible with CMS5 (#56)
silverstripe/silverstripe-security-extensions: README.md

# Silverstripe Security Extensions

> __NOTE__: This module not longer commercially supported in Silverstripe CMS 5 and it does not provide CMS5-compatible versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__NOTE__: This module is no longer commercially supported in Silverstripe CMS 5 and it does not provide a CMS5-compatible version.
```

Author: Thank you. I'll fix this in each PR.
Done.
